Okay, so this is the most important component functionality wise.
Service workers are a type of web worker that run in the background of a Web browser and can intercept
data requests, access the cache and handle push messages include manifest version three Service workers
can be registered and controlled by an extension, allowing the extension to perform various actions
in the background, even when the extensions user interface is not visible.
To use service workers in the Chrome extension, you need to specify them in the background field of
the manifest file.
You can also specify the service worker field to specify the JavaScript file that will be used as the
service worker.
Once the service worker is registered, it can intercept the requests made by the extension or web pages,
allowing the extension to modify the request or response, or to serve a response from the cashier.
The service worker can also listen for push messages, which are messages sent from a server to the
extension and perform actions in response to those messages.
I know this sounds very theoretical, but don't worry, we will do an example very soon.
It will all become very clear.
Service workers are also useful for extensions that need to perform tasks in the background, such as
monitoring changes to a web page or synchronizing data with a server.
They are also useful for improving the performance of an extension by allowing it to cache resources
and serve them from the cache when possible.